# DBC Kitchen Vs. Table
#### 9/19/2014

Dev Bootcamp has an awesome track record and I expect it to uphold that status for a very long time. After making the decision that I would attend a coding bootcamp, I did some extensive research on which would the be the best school to attend. I spent endless nights just reading blogs, quoras, and just all sorts of Q&A's, trying to stuff as much information about these "bootcamps" into my head. I eventually took up the courage to apply to DBC and I had the privilage of being accepted into such a prestigious program. Based on the video, my take on the DBC experience is that it is extremely intense. If there was one place in the world where the words instense, stressful, and fun had to be used to describe it, that place would be Dev Bootcamp. Dev Bootcamp is unique institution where they go against the system in which we were forced to learn by, and have us learn by being extremely hands-on. 

Engaging with new people, and making friends has never been a problem for me. But the idea of being around extremely intelligent people who share the same aspiriations as me, is a bit frightening. I just see it as my competitive nature telling me that this is absolutely for real and you have no time to be second guessing anything. I see myself fitting in really well with the DBC culture but I would be lying if I told you I wasn't nervous. No matter much mental prep I do, the fear of failure will always linger.

My expectations of DBC have not changed. I have been told that it is a very intense program and I don't doubt it one bit. But the intensity is appealing and excites me that I will be part of that larger experience. Prior to Phase 0, I was pretty nervous but I can sense myself becoming more accustomed to it. I will be ready.